.\" SLIM manual page
.\" $Id: slim.1.in,v 1.3 2008/09/19 05:18:17 taisuke Exp $ -*-nroff-*-
.TH SLIM 1 "$Date: 2008/09/19 05:18:17 $" "SLIM 2.2.7" "LMNtal Runtime"
.SH NAME
slim \- an LMNtal runtime
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B slim
[-t]
[--version]
[--showproxy]
[--hideruleset]
[--help]
[-I \fIpath\fR]
[-O[<0-9>]]
[--]
[\fIprogram argument ...\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.I SLIM
is an LMNtal runtime.

When
.I LMNtal intermediate code
(.il file) is given, slim executes the code.

When
.I LMNtal source code
(.lmn file) is given, slim compiles the file to an intermediate code with LMNtal system (see ENVIRONMENT), and executes the compiled code.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 5
.BI --version
Print slim version and exit.
.TP
.BI -I path
Add
.I path
to the head of the load path list. SLIM loads .il and .lmn files under the load paths. The length of the load path list must be smaller than 256.
.TP
.BI -O
.TP
.BI -Olevel
Optimization level. (-O=-O1)

.TP
.BI -p
Same as -p1.
.TP
.BI -p0
No profile.
.TP
.BI -p1
Show elapsed time, # of states (ND and LTL MC).

.TP
.BI -p2
In addition to --p1, show detailed time and memory information.

.TP
.BI -p3
In addition to --p2, show rule information.

.TP
.BI -t
Trace and print the current state of execution.
.TP
.BI --showproxy
Show proxy atoms.
.TP
.BI --hideruleset
Hide ruleset from the result.

.TP
.BI --hl
Use syntax and operations for hyperlinks.
.TP
.BI --show-hl
Show details of hyperlinks.


.TP
.BI --nd
Nondeterministic execution mode: print all execution paths
.TP
.BI --ltl
Model checking mode
.TP
.BI --ltl_all
LTL model checking mode: print all errors
.TP
.BI --mem-enc
Use canonical membrane representation in ND and LTL MC.
.TP
.BI --translate
Output C code translated from input file.
To use, See head of output. (Can't use on Cygwin now.)
.TP
.BI --help
Print (on the standard output) a description of the command line
options understood by slim.
.TP
.BI --
Specify that there are no more options. If there are more
arguments after this, they are taken as script file name and
its arguments.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B LMNTAL_HOME
.TQ
Path to the LMNtal system
.TP
.B SLIM_CFLAGS
.TQ
LMNtal compiler options

.SH AUTHORS
Kei Murayama (kei@ueda.info.waseda.ac.jp)

Ryo Okabe (okabe@ueda.info.waseda.ac.jp)

Takayuki Sasaki (sasaki@ueda.info.waseda.ac.jp)

Riki Ishikawa (riki@ueda.info.waseda.ac.jp)

Taisuke Hori (taisuke@ueda.info.waseda.ac.jp)

Seiji Ogawa (seiji@ueda.info.waseda.ac.jp)

Masato Gocho (gocho0928@ueda.info.waseda.ac.jp)

Yusuke Ueno (yueno@ueda.info.waseda.ac.jp)

Ryohei Nakagawa (nakagawa@ueda.info.waseda.ac.jp)

Tosiki Kawabata (kawabata@ueda.info.waseda.ac.jp)

Manabu Meguro (meguro@ueda.info.waseda.ac.jp)

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
SLIM:
.br
https://github.com/lmntal/slim
.PP
LMNtal:
.br
http://www.ueda.info.waseda.ac.jp/lmntal
.PP
LaViT:
.br
http://www.ueda.info.waseda.ac.jp/lmntal/lavit
.PP
For the information about our researches, see
http://www.ueda.info.waseda.ac.jp/
